Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia - n. is actually the fear of long words!
Triskaidekaphobia - n. fear of the number 13.
Paraskavedkatriaphobia - n. fear of Friday the 13th.
Bookkeeper - n. only word in English language with 3 consecutive double letters.
Textaphrenia - n. a disease found in teens, in which they hear or feel a message vibration when there is no message.
Cryovolcano - n. volcano that actually shoots out ICE; found on icy moons.
Atychiphobia - n. is what we all experience! it's the fear of failure.
Athazagoraphobia - n. next time your girlfriend doesn't text you back, tell her you are athazagoraphobic; it's actually the fear of being ignored by someone you strongly care about.
Ergasiophobic - n. fear of work.
Stewardesses - n. largest word that you can type on your keyboard using only your left hand. Go ahead, try it.
Sapiosexual - n. when you are strongly attracted to someone's intelligence, you are sapiosexual.
Condom - n. no not that one. It's a town in France.
Dysania - n. state of finding it hard to get out of bed in the morning.
Callipygian - n. well toned buttocks. We all love them, don't we?
Sesquipedalian - n. using long words; like hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia !
Kvetch  -  v. complain incessantly; my girlfriend kvetches!
Schadenfreude  -  n. Delight in another person's misfortune; it's evil but makes you happy!
Borborygmus - a rumbling noise produced by the movement of gas through the intestines.YUCKK!
Portmanteau - n. a word formed by joining 2 different words. eg: MOTEL (motor + hotel), BRUNCH (breakfast + lunch).
Standpat - adj. refusing to consider change in one's political beliefs and opinions, especially in politics.
Bellygod - n. one who takes great pleasure in eating; a glutton.
Fustilarian - n. a fat and slovenly person; is that you?
Hobbledehoy - n. an awkward young fellow; that's you.
Mumpsimus - n. a view stubbornly held in spite of clear evidence that it's wrong; yes it's your religion.
Plutolatry - n. excessive devotion to wealth; that makes you corrupt.
Jargoon - n. keep in mind the extra 'o'; it's a colorless, pale yellow, or smoky variety of zircon.
Esconse - v. to settle firmly and comfortably; like a fish dropped in an aquarium.
Cockshy - n. yes you guessed it; it's an object of ridicule.
Spoonerism - n. the transposition of (usually) the initial sounds of words producing a humorous result. eg : "It is now kisstomary to cuss the bride."
Freudian Slip - n. an error that reveals someone's subconscious mind. eg: "I wish you were her" instead of "I wish you were here." oops! After Sigmund Freud (1856 to 1939), neurologist and founder of psychoanalysis, who proposed the idea that errors in speech, writing, etc. reveal what is in one's subconscious mind.
Nudiustertian - adj. Of or relating to the day before yesterday. And you had nudity all over your mind.
Nincompoop - n. a silly or stupid person; we all know one.
Icarian - adj. of or relating to an over ambitious attempt that ends in ruin. Remember Adolf Hitler?
Abligurition - Spending just an inconceivably large amount of money on food.
Accismus - form of irony!. When you pretend to be not interested in something or someone, when you really are interested.
Alogotrophy - n. Means excessive nutrition to any one part of the body resulting in deformity. From Greek word meaning "unreasonable nourishment." Steroids without workout???
Ananym - n. A name that is formed by reversing the letters of another name. Example is Oprah and Harpo
Antapology - n. A reply to an apology (good or bad).
Antonomasia - n. When a trademark is used as a generic term. An example is using Surf to refer to all detergents or Xerox to refer to all copied documents. This is more of a legal term, than a social one.
Battologist - n. Someone who repeats the same thing needlessly. You are bound to get the same results. Try something new mate!
Bever- n. A snack between meals. Gluttons love them!
Blandiose - adj. Adjective describing something that wants to be grand (or has pretentious grandeur) but is only bland. Government's claims!
Bubulcitate - v. It means to cry like a cowboy (whatever that is suppose to mean!)
Cereologist - n. A person who specializes in investigating crop circles. They are probably friends with aliens.
Claque - n. A group of people hired to applaud. You can find them in political rallies.
Cultrivorous - n. To swallow (or pretend to be swallowing) knives. Don't try this at home.
Deuterogamist - n. Someone who marries for a second time. There's a lot of these in the USA considering the divorce rate is 50%. The other 50% are Deuterogamist wannabes.
Emunctory - n. Relates to the blowing of the nose.  Emunction is the act of wiping the nose. Both come from Latin word Emunct, meaning "of keen or acute judgment." So, it is like a man of keen scent or a man with a wiped nose.
Equivoque - n. Something that has been given the same name as something else. For example, if you named your pet, Harpo and that's also the name of one of the Marx Brothers. 
Fladge - n. pornographic literature. Hmm you have now got a code word for it!
Floccinaucinihilipilification - n. To establish or state that something has no value. Hmm the current Indian Prime Minister?
Gallinipper - n. A large mosquito rather a large blood sucker!
Houghmangandy - n. Sexual intercourse with someone you are not married to. This is a rare word  found mostly in Scottish writing of the 18th century. Today we just say someone is promiscuous.The word may be obsolete, the deed is definitely not!
Kakistocracy - n. A government that's run by its worst citizens. We surely have some examples.
Lipogram- n. A piece of writing that avoids one or more letters of the alphabet.  For example, writing something and always leaving out a "g" for example.  It has nothing to do with lips. :)
Liripoop - n. The tail of a graduate's hood (an old feature of academic dress). The liripoop hung down the back when the hood was off, and it was wrapped like a bandage around the head when the hood was on.  The liripoop is both intimidating to others and uncomfortable for the wearer.
Ludibrious - n. To be the butt of  a joke.  Also can imply scoffing.
Malist - n. Someone who feels that this world is just bad, not the worst or terrible place, but, nevertheless, still pretty bad. We all have felt that way some time.
Mammothrept - n. A spoiled child. (caught with fladge :O)
Moirologist - n. Someone who has been hired to mourn at a funeral. Yes this does happen.
Monarsenous - n. This means having one male for several females. It is used more in the area of zoological content. It can also apply to an unbalanced number at a dinner party or at dances.
Monkey's Wedding - A South African term meaning when you have a wedding that has both  sunshine and rain.  Portuguese call it a Vixen's Wedding.
Mournival - A term used to represent a set of 4 kings, queens, jacks or aces in one card hand.  Or, it means any set of four things or people.
Nannicock - A ???  Would you believe that this word is so rare, the meaning is unknown.
Nimfadoro - n. An effeminate fellow who is well dressed and popular with women. Next they get friendzoned.
Nod crafty - n. When someone nods with a manner of great wisdom. I do it in lectures, confuses the prof!
Octothorpe - n. On the telephone keypad or keyboard it is the # symbol; also called the pound symbol, number sign, hash or crosshatch.
Philocomal - adj. Adjective for either love of hair or attention to the hair. 
Pilgarlic - n. A bald person; or a person who is held in humorous contempt or treated with mock pity.  Word means peeled garlic. That's pretty cheap.
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis - n. a Coal Miner's lung disease. Ahh! I ran out of breath reading it.
Quantophrenia - n. An obsessive reliance on mathematical methods or results. 
Rastaquouere - n. A social climber who tries too hard to be in fashion. 
Rhinarium - n. The hairless and moist nose of some mammals. Hairless but still ewww!
Sternutation - n. The act of sneezing or a sneeze.
Torschlusspanik - n. (German word) means a sense of panic brought on by the feeling that  life is passing you by. Today this is called a  "mid life crisis." ;)
Typhlobasia - n. Kissing with the eyes closed. Girls generally do it. Boys never.
Ultra crepidarian - v. To give opinions on topics beyond one's own knowledge. I have this friend who has an opinion on everything.
Yepsen - n. When you cup your hands to form a dish; or to drink some water. Gosh! they have a word for this too.
Zoilist - n. A person who takes joy in finding fault. We want you to be a zoilist and report the shortcomings of this app to us ;)
Ulotrichous - adj.  having wooly or crispy hair. Google Lasith Malinga!
Valetudinarian - n.  a sickly or weak person, especially one who is constantly and morbidly concerned with his or her health.
Winklepicker - n.  style of shoe or boot in the 1950s with a sharp and long pointed toe.
Xertz - v.  to gulp down quickly and greedily.
Yarborough - n.  hand of cards containing no card above a nine.
Zoanthropy - n.  delusion of a person who believes himself changed into an animal

  
  