I am a former Chief Minister of Punjab. I resigned from the Indian army in 1965 then rejoined and resigned again after Indo-Pak war in 1966. I am the president of the All India Jat Maha Sabha. Recently I wrote a book titled The Last Sunset: The Rise & Fall of Lahore Durbar. Who am I?;;Amarinder Singh Lovely;;Prakash Singh Badal;;Rajinder Kaur Bhattal;;Harcharan Singh Brar;;1;;3
I was born in born in Siwani, Bhiwani district, Haryana on 16 August 1968. I am an IIT graduate. I was awarded the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 2006. I am very well known for my unique headgear and a viral infection that doesn't seem to get cured. I was elected as the 7th Chief Minister of Delhi. Who am I?;;Arvind Kejriwal;;Manohar Parikar;;Manish Sisodia;;Somnath Bharati;;1;;1
I am a lawyer by profession. I have thrice been the President of the Supreme Court Bar Association. I am the brain behind One Laptop per Child scheme. I succeeded A. Raja as the minister of Communications & IT. I was elected to Lok Sabha form the Chandni Chowk constituency. Who am I?;;Kapil Sibal;;Arun Jaitley;;Sushma Swaraj;;Sheila Dikshit;;1;;1
I am a Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan alumnus with a diploma in journalism. I have worked for Zee News and All India Radio in the past. I was actively involved in drafting the first version of the Jan Lokpal Bill. I am an active member of the Aam Aadmi Party. I was elected to the Delhi Legislative Assembly from Patparganj. Who am I?;;Manish Sisodia;;Manohar Parikar;;Kumar Vishwas;;Somnath Bharati;;1;;3
I was born on 17 September 1950. My middle name is Damodardas. I have had the privilege of appearing on the cover of the Asian edition of Time magazine. I was the chief minister for  2,063 days consecutively setting a record for my state. During my early days, I ran a tea stall at a bus terminus. Who am I?;;Narendra Modi;;Manmohan Singh;;Jyoti Basu;;Laloo Yadav;;1;;1
I am an IIT Madras dropout (yes you read it right. An IIT dropout). If that isn't enough, I am a Princeton dropout too. I am a lawyer by profession. I serve in the national executive of the Aam Aadmi Party. I have written a book titled Bofors: The Selling of a Nation. Who am I?;;Prashant Bhushan;;Arvind Kejriwal;;Manish Sisodia;;Kumar Vishwas;;1;;2
I have done my early schooling from St. Columbia's School in New Delhi. I studied abroad under a pseudonym, my identity being known only to a select few including university officials and security agencies. I established a technology outsourcing firm  Backops Services Private Ltd. in Mumbai. In recent times, I have been widely ridiculed because of the blunders I make in my speeches. Who am I?;;Rahul Gandhi;;Sachin Pilot;;Jyotiraditya Scindia;;M. K. Stalin;;1;;2
I was born in Aligarh on 1 January 1953. I authored a play titled Sons of Babur. I have been the  President of the Uttar Pradesh Pradesh Congress Committee twice. I was elected to the Lok Sabha from Farrukhabad constituency. I currently hold the Ministry of External Affairs. Who am I?;;Salman Khurshid;;S. M. Krishna;;Ajay Maken;;A. K. Antony;;1;;1
I share my first name with the protagonist of a super hit bollywood item number. I am a  Miranda House alumnus. I  represented India on the U.N. Commission on Status of Women for five years. I was shortlisted for the World Mayor Award in 2008. I currently hold the position of the Governor of Kerala. Who am I?;;Sheila Dixit;;Mayawati;;Mamta Banerjee;;Sushma Swaraj;;1;;1
I was born Edvige Antonia Albina Maino in 1946. I was  listed as one of the fifty best-dressed over 50s by the Guardian in March 2013. I was awarded the Order of King Leopold by the Govt. of Belgium. I was the  Leader of the Opposition of the 13th Lok Sabha. I succeeded Mr. Sitaram Kesri in my current role. Who am I?;;Sonia Gandhi;;M. K. Stalin;;Brinda Karat;;Sheila Dikshit;;1;;2
I was born on 4 September 1941 at Solapur. I was a sub-inspector of police, Maharashtra state C.I.D. for six years. In 2002, I lost the election for the post of Vice-President of India to Bhairon Singh Shekhawat. I served as the chief minister of Maharashtra from January 2003 to October 2004. I am currently the Leader of the house in Lok Sabha. Who am I?;;Sushil Kumar Shinde;;Sharad Pawar;;Manohar Joshi;;Prithviraj Chauhan;;1;;3
I am 50 years old. I have been a Senior Fellow at the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies (CSDS), Delhi since 2004. I was awarded the Malcolm Adiseshiah Award for Development Studies in 2008. I have co-authored a book titled State of Democracy in South Asia. I am  a candidate for the Aam Aadmi Party in the 2014 Indian general election. Who am I?;;Yogendra Yadav;;Kumar Vishwas;;Mayank Gandhi;;Yogesh Dahiya;;1;;3
I am one of the senior most members of the Indian National Congress party. I had once formed a separate party Rashtriya Samajwadi Congress. I was rated as the best Finance Minister in the World according to a survey of Euromoney magazine in 1984.I held the post of Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission from 1991-1996. I have held the ministries of Finance, External Affairs and Defence under one prime minister. Who am I?;;Pranab Mukherjee;;Manmohan Singh;;Digvijay Singh;;Ghulam Nabi Azaad;;1;;2
I was born in Karachi (Now in Pakistan). I am one of the most controversial yet respected politicians of the country. I began my political career as a volunteer of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. I was the Minister of Information and Broadcasting during the tenure of Shri Morarji Desai. I am popularly known in India as the Eternal yatri or Eternal Charioteer. Who am I?;;Lal Krishna Advani;;Digvijay Singh;;Jagjivan Ram;;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;;1;;2
I began my career as a physics lecturer. I was the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh for one and a half years. During the tenure of Mr. Atal Bihari Vajpayee I was appointed as the Minister of Agriculture. I have been elected twice as the president of BJP. I have been elected to the current Lok Sabha from Ghaziabad constituency. Who am I?;;Rajnath Singh;;Mulayam Singh Yadav;;Ram Jethmalani;;Nitin Gadkari;;1;;3
I was born in Allahabad on October 15, 1957. I was jailed for activism during the Emergency of 1975–77. I was appointed Minister of State in the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting in 1998. I have been a member of the Joint Committee on the Functioning of Wakf Boards.I currently am the vice-president of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Who am I?;;Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi;;Vasundhara Raje Scindia;;George Fernandes;;M. Venkaiah Naidu;;1;;1
I am one of the few prominent Muslim leaders in the BJP. I am  often referred to as 'The Original Youth leader'. I hold a Diploma in Engineering  I entered the 15th Lok Sabha from Bhagalpur constituency. I was the youngest Cabinet Minister ever in the Government of India.;;Shahnawaz Hussain;;Mohammed Shahabuddin;;Rajiv Pratap Rudy;;Omar Abdullah;;1;;1
I was born in Pune on January 30, 1951. I worked with Bank of Maharashtra for 10 years. I was arrested during emergency for leading a Satyagraha in Pune. I held the post of National Secretary and General Secretary of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha from 1984 to 1990. I am the official spokesperson of the BJP. Who am I?;;Prakash Javdekar;;Shivraj Singh Chauhan;;Sudhanshu Trivedi;;Shahnawaz Hussain;;1;;2
I am an NDA alumni and was an officer in the Indian Army in the 1960s. I am a self-described liberal democrat even though my party is often described as a right-wing nationalist organization. I held the post of Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of India(1998–99). I was banned from the BJP for a year in 2009 and readmitted in 2010. I authored a controversial book Jinnah: India-Partition-Independence. Who am I?;;Jaswant Singh;;Yashwant Sinha;;George Frenandes;;Arun jaitley;;1;;2
I was born on November 6, 1937 at Patna, Bihar. I blog under the title Musings of a Swadeshi Reformer. I joined the Indian Administrative Service in 1960 and spent over 24 years there. I started my political career with Janta Dal where I served as the General Secretary. I served as finance minister and minister of external affairs under Mr. Atal Bihari Vajpayee. Who am I?;;Yashwant Sinha;;Jaswant Singh;;George Fernandes;;Nitish Kumar;;1;;1
I have served as an economist with the World Bank, as a consultant to the Planning Commission of India and as an editor of the Indian Express and Times of India. I have authored a book titled "Does He Know a Mother's Heart?". I am a St. Stephen's alumnus. I was awarded the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 1982. I am currently associated with the Bharatiya Janta Party. Who am I?;;Arun Shourie;;Shashi Tharoor;;Kapil Sibal;;Mani Shankar Aiyer;;1;;3
I belong to the Bharatiya Janta Party. I have been a member of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh since childhood. I have never lost an election to the Vidhan Sabha. I was awarded "Doctor of the last Decade" (Swastha Ratna) by Indian Medical Association's New Delhi branch in 2002. I was the chief minister candidate from BJP for the recently concluded Delhi Elections. Who am I?;;Dr. Harshvardhan;;Sahab Singh Chauhan;;Anil Kumar Sharma;;Pawan Sharma;;1;;3
I was born on 13 December, 1955. I am an IIT Bombay graduate. I am the first IIT graduate to become the chief minister of any state. I was a classmate of Nandan Nilekani at IIT. I have been awarded the CNN-IBN of the year once. Who am I?;;Manohar Parikar;;Arvind Kejriwal;;Somnth Bharati;;Manish Sisodia;;1;;3
In 1977, I became the youngest ever Cabinet Minister in the country at 25 years of age. I have been elected six times as a Member of Parliament and three times as a Member of the Legislative Assembly. I have also practised as a Supreme Court of India Advocate. I was once the chief minister of Delhi. I am  Indian Parliament's first and the only woman MP honoured with the Outstanding Parliamentarian Award. Who am I?;;Sushma Swaraj;;Sheila Dikshit;;Vasundhra Raje Scindia;;Mamta Banerjee;;1;;1
I am a gold medalist in M. A. (Philosophy) from the Barkatullah University. I joined RSS in 1972, as a 13-year-old. Before joining politics I was an Agriculturist by profession. I introduced schemes named as Ladli Laxmi Yojna,Kanyadhan Yojna and Janani Suraksha Yojna. I am currently the chief minister of an Indian state and have been holding the post for last 9 years. Who am I?;;Shivraj Singh Chauhan;;Raman Singh;;Narendra Modi;;Manohar Parikar;;1;;2
I was born on 15 October 1952. I am currently serving my third consecutive tenure as the chief minister of my state. I am also a doctor of Ayurvedic Medicine. It am the brain behind the  "Salwa Judum" initiative against Naxalism. My work as a chief minister has been recognised by the United Nations as well. Who am I?;;Raman Singh;;Ajit Jogi;;Jyoti Basu;;N. Chandrababu Naidu;;1;;3
I was born on July 1, 1949. I hail from Andhra Pradesh. I held the post of BJP president from 2002 to 2004. I am known for making controversial remarks. I am currently a member of Rajya Sabha from Karnataka. Who am I?;;Venkaiah Naidu;;Sharad Pawar;;Bangaru Laxman;;N. Chanrababu Naidu;;1;;2
I was born in Nagpur on May 27, 1957. I was the Chairman of National Rural Road Development Committee and it was because of my report that Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana was launched. I have held the post of BJP president in the past. I am a founder member of Antyodaya Trust. I am a well known supporter of privatisation. Who am I?;;Nitin Gadkari;;Rajnath Singh;;M. Venkaiah Naidu;;Bangaru Laxman;;1;;1
I am a lawyer by profession and  represented the Birla family in their legal battle against R. S. Lodha on the question of ownership of Birla Corporation Limited. I was an active ABVP member and later became the President of the University Students' Union in 1974. I was the brain behind Narendra Modi's landslide victories in Gujarat in 2002 and 2007. I previously held the position of Union cabinet Minister for Commerce and Industry, Law and Justice during the NDA regime. Who am I?;;Arun Jaitley;;Kapil Sibal;;Sushma Swaraj;;Ram Jethmalani;;1;;3
I was born on 8 March 1953. I belong to a royal family. Both my siblings were prominent politicians. My ex-husband belonged to the ex-royal Dholpur family. I am currently the BJP president for Rajasthan. Who am I?;;Vasundhra Raje Scindia;;Madharao Scindia;;Vijaya Raje Scindia;;Yashodhara Raje Scindia;;1;;1
I am a Harvard and Stanford alumnus. My father passed away in a  plane crash in 2001. I am one of the wealthiest ministers in the government of India and, in addition, a claimant to property worth Rs. 20,000 crores or $3.27 billion belonging to my late father. I am  president of the regional Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association. I am Union Minister of State for the Ministry of Power. Who am I?;;Jyotiraditya Scindia;;Rahul Mahajan;;Sachin Pilot;;Omar Abdullah;;1;;1
I am a Hindi and Punjabi film actor since 1977. I am a National School of Drama alumnus. I joined Indian National Congress later in my life. I was severely criticised for saying that Rs.12 is sufficient to get a full meal for common man in Mumbai. I am currently the Chairman of the Standing Committee on Defence, Lok Sabha. Who am I?;;Raj Babbar;;Dharmendra;;Jeetendra;;Shatrughan Sinha;;1;;1
I was born on 22 November 1939. I am highly educated a  with B.A., B.T., and an M.A. in political science. I started my political career with Lok Dal but later formed my own party. I was thrice elected as the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh. I  served as Minister of Defence (1996–98) in the United Front government.Who am I??;;Mulayam Singh Yadav;;Kanshi Ram;;Mayawati;;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;;1;;1
I was born on 1 July 1973. I am a member of the Samajwadi Party. My father is a very well known leader and was the chief minister of UP. I was elected to the Lok Sabha from Kannauj in a by-election of 2000. I had to face a lot of public outrage during  Durga Shakti Nagpal case. Who am I?;;Akhilesh Yadav;;Sachin Pilot;;Jyoti Raje Scindia;;Jayant Sinha;;1;;1
My political career has been called a "miracle of democracy" by Mr. P. V. Narasimha Rao. It has attracted equal shares of praise and controversy. My assets run into millions of dollars, with several properties to my name. My birthday is celebrated as Jan Kalyankari Diwas. I also appeared in a Wikileaks cable involving my footwear. Who am I?;;Mayawati;;Laloo Prasad Yadav;;Kanshi Ram;;Jayalalitha;;1;;1
I was born on 24 February 1948. I was a popular film star in Indian cinema before my entry into politics having acted as a lead heroine in over 140 films. I was the first heroine to appear in skirts in Tamil films. I have thrice been elected as a chief minister of an Indian state. My maiden public speech was called Pennin Perumai (the Pride of Women). Who am I?;;Jayalalitha;;Mamta banerjee;;Mayawati;;Sheila Dikshit;;1;;2
I am a Distinguished Fellow of the London School of Economics. My resume is one of the most enviable resume in the entire world. I have been referred to as Deng Xiaoping of India. I served as Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha (the upper house of India's Parliament) during the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government of 1998–2004. My political career has taken a down-slide lately with I being the subject of a lot of political jokes. Who am I?;;Manmohan Singh;;Rahul Gandhi;;Pranab Mukerjee;;Digvijay Singh;;1;;1
I am an ex employee of  British Broadcasting Corporation and then American multinational corporation General Motors. At the age of 26, I became the youngest Member of Parliament in the country. In 2004, I married the daughter of another political icon of the country. I am currently the President of Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee. My father passed away in a car accident in 2000. Who am I?;;Sachin Pilot;;Jyotiraditya Scindia;;Rahul Mahajan;;Akhilesh Yadav;;1;;2
I am one of the most revolutionary chief ministers of my state. I served my state for over eight years as the chief minister. I survived an assassination attempt in 2003 when my convoy was hit by a landmine blast. I coined the slogan "Bye-bye Banglore, hello _________". I was awarded the South Asian of the year by Time Magazine. Who am I?;;Chandra Babu Naidu;;Jyoti Basu;;Narndra Modi;;Vilasrao Deshmukh;;1;;3
I was born on 1 March 1953 at Madras. I campaigned as a 14 year old for my father in the 1967 elections. I was jailed under Maintenance of Internal Security Act (MISA) for protesting against the Emergency. I have been elected twice as the mayor of Chennai. My father was highly criticised for promoting me with allegations that it would start a dynasty like the Nehru-Gandhi family. Who am I?;;M. K. Stalin;;M.K. Alagiri;;Kanimozhi;;Jagan Mohan Reddy;;1;;3
I entered in student politics as General Secretary of the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) in 1970 and became its president in 1973. I started my own political party. I  pushed for the re-introduction of English as a language in school curriculum, contrary to the angrezi hatao (banish English) policy of then Uttar Pradesh CM. I used a look-alike of Osama bin Laden to woo Muslim voters in the 2005 Bihar elections. A Bollywood movie was released with my name in its title. Who am I?;;Laloo Prasad Yadav;;Nitish Kumar;;Ram Vilas Paaswan;;Suresh Paswan;;1;;1
I am a self-taught painter and a poet. I have been the Chief Minister of my state since 2011. I founded my own party in 1997 after separating from Congress. In 2012, Time magazine named me one of the "100 Most influential People in the World". I was voted in May 2013 as India's most honest politician in an internal poll by members of India Against Corruption.I claimed to have obtained a PhD degree from East Georgia University in USA, which, it was later alleged, doesn't exist. Who am I?;;Mamta Banerjee;;Nitish Kumar;;Chandrababu Nayudu;;Manohar Parikar;;1;;2
I was born on August 12, 1952. I was arrested and sent to jail during the National Emergency. I am a member of the politburo of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). I was elected to Rajya Sabha from West Bengal in July 2005. I am also a columnist with Hindustan Times, a widely circulated daily. Who am I?;;Sitaram Yechury;;Prakash Karat;;Manik Sarkar;;Buddhadeb Bhattacharya;;1;;3
I was born in Letpadan, Burma on February 7, 1948. I have been General Secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) since 2005. I was one of the founders of the Students Federation of India (SFI), the CPI(M)’s student wing, in Jawaharlal Nehru University. My wife is also a CPI(M) full time cadre. I authored a book titled Politics and policies. Who am I?;;Prakash Karat;;Sitaram Yechury;;Manik Sarkar;;V.S. Achuthanandan;;1;;3
I am Miranda House alumnus. I am the first woman member of the CPI(M) Politburo. I was recently criticised for accusing Baba Ramdev of violating labour laws. My sister is married to the famous journalist Prannoy Roy. I authored a book titled Survival and Emancipation: Notes from Indian Women's Struggles.Who am I?;;Brinda Karat;;Nirupam Sen;;Mamata Banerjee;;Sheila Dikshit;;1;;3
I was born on 28 October 1958.  I have a Master's in Business Management. I started my political career as General Secretary, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee. I have served as the chief minister of Maharashtra, and so has my father. I was named to have been involved in the Aadarsh Housing Society Scam.Who am I?;;Ashok Singh Chavan;;Vilas Rao Deshmukh;;Sushilkumar Shinde;;Shivajirao Nilangekar Patil;;1;;2
I completed my M. Sc from IIT Delhi followed by a degree in law at Delhi University. I ran a Delhi-based IT firm, Madgen Solutions. I am an active member of the Aam Aadmi Party. I was elected as the AAP candidate for the Malviya Nagar constituency in the Delhi state assembly elections. I was recently in news for wrong reasons after I took the law in my own hands and conducted a raid in New Delhi. Who am I?;;Somnath Bharti;;Kumar Vishwas;;Manish Sisodia;;Arvind Kejriwal;;1;;1
I am the brother in law of Sachin Pilot. I hold the distinction of being the youngest Union minister at the age of 31. In March 2006, much to the disapproval of the centre, I had a one-on-one meeting with Pakistan's president, Pervez Musharaf, in Islamabad.  I made a brief appearance in a Bollywood movie Mission Istanbul. I am very active on twitter with over 4 lakh followers. Who am I?;;Omar Abdullah;;Jyotiraditya Scindia;;Rahul Mahajan;;Milind Deora;;1;;2
I was born on 28 February 1947. I am a former chief minister of Uttarakhand. My father was a freedom fighter and an eminent politician. I did my bachelors in Arts and then in LLB from Allahabad University. I received widespread criticism for handling rescue operations in the wake of floods in June, 2013. Who am I?;;Vijay Bahuguna;;Harish Rawat;;Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank;;B. C. Khanduri;;1;;3
I was born on 27 April 1947. I received a B.A. and L.L.B. from Lucknow University. I was a member of Indian Youth Congress member for many years. In the 7th Lok Sabha I defeated the BJP veteran Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi from Almora parliamentary constituency. I replaced Vijay Bahuguna as the chief minister of Uttarakhand. Who am I?;;Harish Rawat;;Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank;;B. C. Khanduri;;Bhagat Singh Koshiyari;;1;;3
I entered politics at the age of 14, inspired by a speech by Alagiriswamii of the Justice Party, and participated in Anti-Hindi agitations. I have served as the chief minister of my state on five different occassions. I hold the record of winning my seat in every election in which I have participated, in a political career spanning more than 60 years. I have donated my house, that is to be converted into a free hospital for the poor. My daughter is currently a Rajya Sabha MP. Who am I?;;M. Karunanidhi;;Jyoti Basi;;N. D. Tiwari;;L. K. Advani;;1;;2
I was born on October 31, 1943. I am the current Chief Minister of Kerala. I started my political career through the Kerala Students Union. In 2013 I received United Nations Public Service Award from the Asia-Pacific region, for the category "Preventing and Combating Corruption in the Public Service. In an attempt to enforce transparency 24x7 live webcast streaming of Chief ministers office and meeting chamber started on July 1, 2011. "Who am I;;Oommen Chandy;;V.S. Achuthanandan;;A. K. Antony;;R. Sankar;;1;;3
I was born in Nemra village of Ramgarh district, then Bihar. The symbol of my political party is a bow and arrow. I was the first serving Union minister to be convicted for murder. I have previously held the position of Minister for Coal in the Union Cabinet. I was at one time the chief minister of Jharkhand. Who am I?;;Shibu Soren;;Madhu Koda;;Shahabuddin;;Arjun Munda;;1;;2
i was born on 10 August 1975. Both I and my father have been the chief ministers of the same state. I am an engineering college dropout.  I was a member of Rajya Sabha from 24 June 2009 to 4 January 2010. When I became the chief minister, I was the 9th chief minister in 13 years. Who amI?;;Hemant Soren;;Akhilesh Yadav;;M.K. Stalin;;Abhijeet Mukherjee;;1;;1
I was the first chief minister of a newly formed state. Before entering politics, I worked as a primary school teacher. I founded a party, of which I am the national president now. I was the Minister of State, Forests & Environment, Govt. of India in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government. My son was killed in a Naxal attack in 2007. Who am I?;;Babulal Marandi;;Nityanand Swami;;Ajit Jogi;;Arjun Munda;;1;;2
I was born on 3 May 1968. I am a former Chief Minister of Jharkhand. My political career began in the 1980s as part of the Jharkhand movement, spearheaded by the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha. I was the Social Welfare Minister in Babulal Marandi's cabinet. I have served as the Chairman of Rural Integrated Development Center. Who am I?;;Arjun Munda;;Madhu Koda;;Hemant Soren;;Simon Marandi;;1;;2
I am former chief minister of Jharkhand. I began my political career as an activist with the All Jharkhand Students Union.  My father wanted me to have a "normal life" and remain a farmer or iron worker, but after experiencing corruption in the iron industry, I eventually began a career in politics. My wife is an MLA from my previous constituency Jaganathpur representing Jai Bharat Samanta Party. I was arrested by state police in 2009 on charges of disproportionate assets and money laudnering. Who am I?;;Madhu Koda;;Arjun Munda;;Hemant Soren;;Babulal Marandi;;1;;3
I have a degree in Mechanical engineering from the Bihar College of Engineering, Patna (now NIT Patna). I am known as 'Sushasan Babu' by my fans and followers. I have served as the chief minister of Bihar thrice. I learnt the lessons of politics under the tutelage of stalwarts Jayaprakash NarayanGeorge Fernandes and V. P. Singh. I was the railway minister when the Sabarmati Express was burnt down leading to the infamous Godhra riots. Who am I?;;Nitish Kumar;;Ram Vilas Paswan;;Laloo Prasad Yadav;;Suresh Paswan;;1;;1
I am the president of the Nationalist Congress Party which I found after I split from the Indian National Congress. I have also been associated with Indian cricket in some way. My name came up during the 600 billion INR stamp paper scam. I supported the use of endosulfan although it has been banned in most of the countries. I have held the post of chief minister of a state thrice. Who am I?;;Sharad Pawar;;Keerti Azaad;;Jyotiraditya Scindia;;Ajit Pawar;;1;;1
I was born in born in Kolkata on 17 February 1957. I am the current president of All India Football Federation. I was bestowed with the title of ‘Reformer of the Year’ by Asia’s largest financial daily, The Economic Times, in the year 2007. I was appointed as the Union Minister of State Civil Aviation in 2004. In February 2014 I inaugurated the 12th edition of Auto Expo in New Delhi. Who am I?;;Praful Patel;;Rajiv Pratap Rudy;;Sharad Pawar;;Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury;;1;;2
I studied Mechanical Engineering at the Maulana Azad College of Technology, Bhopal, winning the University Gold Medal in 1968. I was selected for the Indian Police Service and Indian Administrative Service. I was the first chief minister of an Indian state. On 20 April 2004, I was seriously injured in car accident at Gariabandh and have been on a wheelchair since. I currently represents the Marwahi Scheduled Tribe constituency in the state assembly. Who am I?;;Ajit Jogi;;Babulal Marandi;;Raman Singh;;Nityanand Swami;;1;;3
I am one of the senior most members of the Bharatiya Janta Party. I was born in Nainital on 5 January 1934. I was a three-term M.P. from Allahabad before being defeated in 2004. I have been influenced by the life and work of Veer Savarkar, Shri Guruji and Deendayal Upadhyaya. I took part in the Cow Protection Movement in 1953–54Who am I?;;Murli Manohar Joshi;;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;;Lal Krishna Advani;;Jaswant Singh;;1;;2
I am one of the most famous sisters of India. I have a B.A. degree in sociology. I am a Trustee of the Spastic Society of India. Recently I spoke out my views on the sex workers at Kamathipura and asserted my pro-legalisation stance regarding prostitution. I have been appointed secretary of the All-India Congress Committee. Who am I?;;Priya Dutt;;Priyanka Gandhi;;Vasundhara Raje Scindia;;Mamta Banerjee;;1;;1
I was born on December 8. 1965. I am currently serving as Union Minister of State (Independent charge), Minister of Information and Broadcasting. I was the president of National Students Union Of India 1989. I was sent a legal notice by Anna Hazare for alleging that the so-called "Team Anna" is composed of "armchair fascists, overground Maoists, closet anarchists funded by invisible donors,". My father was killed by Sikh militants in 1984, a few months before Operation Blue Star. Who am I?;;Manish Tewari;;Jitendra Singh;;Paban Singh Ghatowar;;K. V. Thomas;;1;;3
I was born on 24 February 1959 in Jaipur, Rajasthan. I am a St. Stephen's, Trinity, Cambridge and Harvard alumni. I am married to a famous ghazal and Sufi singer. I was awarded and acknowledged by the Global Leader of Tomorrow Award in 1999. In 2012, there was a sex tape released where I was allegedly seen having sex with a female lawyer following which I resigned from my post. Who am I?;;Abhishek Manu Singhvi;;Kapil Sibal;;NItyanand Swami;;N. D. Tiwari;;1;;3
I was born on 16 July, 1948. I hold an LLB degree from the Department of Law, Panjab University. I represent Chandigarh constituency in the 15th Lok Sabha. I am an ex Railway Minister who proposed an increase in railway fare after 15 years. I have also held the charge of the Minister of State for Finance and Parliamentary Affairs in the First Manmohan Singh Cabinet. Who am I?;;Pawan Bansal;;C. P. Joshi;;Mukul Roy;;Dinesh Trivedi;;1;;2
I was born on 26 October, 1952. I resigned from the cabinet on 10th May, 2013 after my name came up in the coal-gate scandal. Before that I held the portfolio of parliamentary affairs and the Minister of Law. I represent Punjab in the Rajya Sabha. I am also a member of Indo-Japan Parliamentary Group. Who am I?;;Ashwani Kumar;;S Jagathrakshakan;;Naveen Jindal;;Subodh Kant Sahay;;1;;3
As a child I began to give religious discourses, which brought me into contact with Rajmata Vijayaraje Scindia, who would later become my political mentor. I was one of the most prominent faces in the Ayodhya Ram Janmabhoomi Movement. I received a marriage proposal from former Bharatiya Janata Party ideologue Govindacharya in 1991, prior to my entering sanyas. I was expelled from BJP and later re inducted in 2011. I was also the chief minister of an Indian state for a very short period of time. Who am I??;;Uma Bharti;;Vasundhara Raje Scindia;;Mayawati;;Mamta Kulkarni;;1;;2
I am a Hindi poet, a professor of Hindi literature and politician. My entry into politics was through the recently formed Aam Aadmi Party. I have had my fair share of controversies because of my poems. I am contesting the 2014 Lok Sabha elections from Amethi. In 2004, I received the Dr. Suman Alankarna award by Sahitya Bharti in Unnao. Who am I?;;Kumar Vishwaas;;Mukul Tripathi;;Jarnail Singh;;Khalid Parvaiz;;1;;1
I was born on 21 October 1937 in Soura. Both my father and my son have served as the chief ministers of an Indian state. Even I have been the chief minister of the same state thrice. I have stated already that my ultimate aim is to be the President of India. I am currently a Rajya Sabha MP. Who am I?;;Farooq Abdullah;;Mulayam Singh Yadav;;M. Karunanidhi;;Shibu Soren;;1;;2
I am a former chief minister of Haryana. My father was a deputy Primer Minister of India. I describe the Congress and BJP as Saanpnath and Naagnath. I was publicly disowned by my father having allegedly smuggled gold watches worth Rs 100,000.  On 16 January 2013 I was convicted by a Delhi court for illegal recruitment of over 3000 teachers. Who am I?;;Om Prakash Chautala;;Bhupinder Singh Hooda;;Bhajan Lal;;Chaudhary Devi Lal;;1;;3
I am a Science and Law graduate and also hold a MA degree in Economics. i was elected for the first time to the 7th Lok Sabha (1980–84) from Jodhpur Parliamentary Constituency in 1980. I served in the Union Cabinet of Indian Prime Ministers Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi P.V. Narsimha Rao. I have completed two full terms alternately of as chief minister of an Indian state. I am the founder president of Bharat Seva Sansthan Who am I?;;Ashok Gehlot;;Ajit Jogi;;Shivraj Patil;;Raman Singh;;1;;2
I am the patron of Shiromani Akali Dal. I was born on December 8, 1927. I started my political career as a sarpanch of a village in Punjab. In 1969, I became the youngest Chief Minister of an Indian state. I was first detained in the Karnal jail in connection with Civil Liberties Agitation later under MISA during the Indian Emergency. Who am I?;;Prakash Singh Badal;;Sukhbir Singh Badal;;Surjit Singh Barnala;;Lachhman Singh Gill;;1;;2
At 37 years of age, I am one of the youngest members of the current Lok Sabha. I have a B.A. in Business and Political Science from Boston UniversityMy official website says, "I will STAND for what is RIGHT... Even if I have to STAND ALONE.WILL YOU?". I am currently a Minister of State with the Ministry of Information Technology and Communications. I hosted a live Google+ Hangout about the future of IT and Communication in India on 6 June 2013.  Who am I?;;Milind Deora;;Sachin Pilot;;Jyotiraditya Scindia;;Omar Abdullah;;1;;3
I was a two-time Chief Minister of an Indian state. On my first day of as a Chief Minister in 2004, I provided free electricity for farmers, a campaign project.My major campaign slogan for the 2009 election was "Development and Credibility". I was killed in a helicopter crash in 2009. A movie on my life was set to be released in February 2013 but was later cancelled. Who am I?;;Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy;;Rajesh Pilot;;Pramod Mahajan;;Madhavrao Scindia;;1;;2
I am currently a General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee. I hold a B.E. degree in Mechanical Engineering. I was the Chief Minister of an Indian state for two consecutive terms. Very recently, I lodged a personal attack on Narendra Modi saying, "How can the Gujarat chief minister look after the nation if he cannot respect and take care of his wife?" I have been in the news quite a few times for my controversial comments against Hindu Nationalist groups. Who am I?;;Digvijay Singh;;Mulayam Singh Yadav;;M. Karunanidhi;;Raman Singh;;1;;1
I am one of the most respected politicians of the country. I was among the founding members of the erstwhile Bharatiya Jana Sangh political party and had also been its President. I was awarded the Best Parliamentarian Award in 1994. I am called 'Baapji' by my close friends and relatives. My unique speaking style made me a comedian's favourite. Who am I?;;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;;Lal Krishna Advani;;Murali Manohar Joshi;;George Fernandes;;1;;1
I spent the entire two years of the national emergency in jail. While campaigning for Bihar elections in 2005, I used a look-alike of Osama bin Laden to woo Muslim voters which sparked a big controversy. In 2000 I broke from the Janata Dal (United) to form my own political party. I have served as a Union Minster under five different Prime Ministers and holds the distinction of continuously holding on to a cabinet berth in all the Council of Ministers formed since 1996. Who am I?;;Ramvilas Paswan;;Laloo Prasad Yadav;;Nitish Kumar;;Sharad Yadav;;1;;2
I was born on 1 March 1944. I am a member of the politburo of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). I was appointed state secretary of the Democratic Youth Federation, the youth wing of the CPI(M) that was later merged into the Democratic Youth Federation of India. I came under heavy criticism for police action against demonstrators in Nandigram in East Midnapore. Who am I?;;Buddhadeb Bhattacharya;;Jyoti Basu;;Prakash Karat;;Manik Sarkar;;1;;3
I was born on 13 September 1960. I was elected to state Legislative Assembly for the first time in 1989. I was once the captain of India under-22 cricket team. I am credited for launching schemes such as Mee Seva, SC/ST Sub-Plan, Bangaru Thalli. I resigned from my post after the recent Telangana controversy. Who am I?;;Kiran Kumar Reddy;;Jaganmohan Reddy;;N. Chandrababu Naidu;;Konijeti Rosaiah;;1;;2
I belong to the Nyishi Community. I have served as Vice Chairman, North Eastern Youth Congress Coordination Committee and as Working President, North Eastern Youth Congress Coordination Committee from 1993 to 1995. I succeeded a CM who was alleged to be a authoritarian. I am the 8th CM of my state. I am also the current president of my state's Cricket Association. Who am I?;;Nabam Tuki;;Jarbom Gamlin;;Pu Lalthanhawla;;Neiphiu Rio;;1;;3
I was born to a Doctor father and a poet mother.I, myself am an LLB. I've served six terms as an MP and four as an MLA. Of these four terms, I've spent 3 as CM. In fact, I'm into my 13th consecutive year in CM's post of my state. Who am I?;;Tarun Gogoi;;Pawan Kumar Chamling;;Okram Ibobi Singh;;Manik Sarkar;;1;;3
When I was elected for a second consecutive term as CM of Haryana,it was the first time in more than 35 years that a party was selected for two consecutive terms. My father was a renowned freedom fighter.To encourage youngsters to take up Olympic Sports, I have announced hefty sums of money to the Olympic medalists from the state. I am also a Member of the Bar Council of Punjab and Haryana. Who am I?;;Bhupinder Singh Hooda;;Om Prakash Chautala;;Bansi Lal;;Bhajan Lal;;1;;3
I was the CM of Himachal Pradesh in 1989.In August 2009, a case was filed against me and my wife by the Anti-Corruption Bureau of Himachal Pradesh alleging the breach of the Prevention of Corruption Act in 1989. As a result, I had to resign from the Union Cabinet of the 15th Lok Sabha. Currently, my wife holds the Lok Sabha constituency that I contested from in 2009. I have been president of the Sanskrit Sahitya Sammelan and of the Himachal Pradesh branch of the Friends of the Soviet Union. Who am I?;;Virbhadra Singh;;Prem Kumar Dhumal;;Virender Kashyap;;Sukh Ram;;1;;2
I am a leader of the Kuruba Gowda community, the third largest in Karnataka. I've been a part of various Janata Parivar factions. In fact, as a leader of Janata Dal (Secular), I was sworn in as the Deputy CM of Karnataka twice. But I finally became CM when I joined Congress. I am an atheist and took the chief minister's oath in name of "Truth" instead of "God". Who am I?;;Siddaramaiah;;S.Bangarappa;;H. D. Kumaraswamy;;S. M. Krishna;;1;;3
I was born to a politician couple in 1946. Karad constiteuncy in Maharashtra has been my family seat. I graduated as a Mechanical Engineer from BITS Pilani. I also got an M.Sc. degree from University of California, Berkley. It was under my tenure that Navi Mumbai International Airport got environmental clearance. Who am I?;;Prithviraj Chauhan;;Ashok Chavan;;Vilasrao Deshmukh;;Sushilkumar Shinde;;1;;1
I was born on 19 June 1948. I am a Chemistry Gold Medallist from Cambridge University, UK. I am the incumbent CM of the state which is called the "Switzerland of India".My wife is one of the 60 MLAs of the state. In 2008, an attempt was made on my life by People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak. Who am I?;;Okram Ibobi Singh;;Rishang Keishing;;Pu Lalthanhawla;;Neiphiu Rio;;1;;3
I was born on 20 April 1965. I am the 25th chief minister of my state. I share my surname with the first CM of Meghalaya and also with the co-founder of Natonalist Congress Party. I am a graduate in medicine from Regional Insitute of Medical Sciences, Imphal. I served as the deputy CM of Meghalaya when Mr. D.D. Lapang was CM and became the CM of the state after he resigned. Who am I?;;Mukul Sangma;;W.A. Sangma;;P.A.Sangma;;G.A.Sangma;;1;;1
I am the founder of Music Task Force, the first music industry in India. I was awarded The Mother Teresa Millennium award, for my outstanding leadership and contributions to politics in Kolkata in the year 2007. I was nominated as Life time Deputy Governor (Honorary) in 1999 in the Board of Governors by American Biographical Institute Research Association. Currently, I am serving as the CM of a state which has only one Lok Sabha Seat. It is my third consecutive term which is a record for my state. Who am I?;;Neiphiu Rio;;Pu Lalthanhawla;;Hokishe Sema;;Kazi Lhendup Dorjee;;1;;2
I am the author of three books.My second book was, "A Desert Kingdom: The People of Bikaner ". I stayed away from politics for most of my life but I was thurst into politics when my father died. I founded a party after his name and have been the CM of my state from this party. Owing to my attempts to bring in transparency, I've earned the epithet, "Mr. Clean". Who am I?;;Naveen Patnaik;;Narendra Modi;;Vasundhara Raje;;Ashok Gehlot;;1;;1
I am a law graduate. I am the founder of All India Namathu Rajyam Congress which debuted in 2011 Assembly Elections of Puducherry. It won 15 out of 17 seats in the Assembly and claimed clear majority. I served as the 15th and 16th CM of Puducherry and under my leadership, Puducherry was acclaimed the best state to live in and was awarded as one of the Best States by the then Vice President of India. After resigning from Congress, I started a new political party. Who am I?;;N. Rangaswamy;;V. Vaithilingam;;Neiphiu Rio;;N.Ramaswamy;;1;;2
I was born on September 22, 1950. I am a Nepali language writer and I write under the pen name,"Kiran". I was the recipient of Bhanu Puraskar (2010) awarded by Sikkim Sahitya Parishad. I was also awarded BHARAT SHIROMANI (Presented by the Vice-President of India for National integration and preservation of democracy in the State). I was the founder president of Sikkim Democratic Front and was selected as the 5th CM of Sikkim. Who am I?;;Pawan Kumar Chamling;;Nar Bahadur Bhandari;;Bhim Prasad Dahal;;Pahal Man Subba;;1;;3
I was born in a middle class family on January 22,1949. At the age of 19, I became the member of CPI(M). I graduated with a B.Com degree from the MBB College and was a member of Students' Federation of India during my entire academic career. At the age of 31, I was elected as MLA from Agartala.At the age of 49, I became a member of politburo of CPI(M). Who am I?;;Manik Sarkar;;Jyoti Basu;;Prakash Karat;;Samar Acharjee;;1;;3
I joined the underground movement, Mizo National Front in 1966 and was jailed in 1966. Upon my release in 1967, I joined Indian National Congress and became the Mizoram state party president in 1973. I co-ordinated the Mizoram Peace Accord and when Mizoram was declared a state, I became the Chief Minister of the First Mizoram Legislative Assembly. I am the founder president of Mizoram Football Association, Mizoram Sports Association and Mizoram Hockey Association. Who am I?;;Pu Lalthanhawla;;Pu Laldenga;;Pu Zoramthanga;;Thenphunga Sailo;;1;;3
I have served thrice as the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh and once as the Chief Minister of Uttarakhand. I was the Minister for External Affairs in Rajiv Gandhi's cabinet. I was elected as the President of the Students’ Union of the Allahabad University in 1947. I was a contender to be Prime Minister of India but was pipped to the post by P. V. Narasimha Rao. I was serving as Governor of Andhra Pradesh from 2007 until 2009, when I was forced to resign following a sex scandal. Who am I?;;N. D. Tiwari;;Abhishek Manu Singhvi;;Tarun Tejpal;;Nityanand Swami;;1;;2
I am an IIT Bombay graduate. I started my career with Patni Computers. I am a founder member of one of the biggest IT firms of the country. I was in the news recently when I was rumoured to be a surprise Prime Ministerial candidate.  In 2009, Time magazine placed me in the Time 100 list of 'World's Most Influential People'. Who am I?;;Nandan Nilekani;;Manohar Parikar;;Francisco Dsouza;;Ratan Tata;;1;;1
I am the son of one of the most iconic chief ministers of an Indian state. I started my political career by campaigning for Congress party in 2004 elections. I am the founder of a regional newspaper and a Television channel by the same name. I was arrested by the CBI on embezzlement charges due to which I  had to spend sixteen months in jail. I still am not permitted to leave my state. Who am I?;;Jaganmohan Reddy;;M. K. Stalin;;Akhilesh Yadav;;Omar Abdullah;;1;;2
I was the Speaker of Lok Sabha from 1996 to 1998. I founded a political party with book as its symbol. I have been a Lok Sabha member for eight terms. My daughter is the youngest Minister of State in the current Cabinet while my son is the Leader of the Opposition in state Legislative Assembly. I once lost a Presidential election by a considerable margin. Who am I?;;P. A. Sangama;;Lakshmi Sahgal;;Manohar Joshi;;Somnath Chatterjee;;1;;2
I am a former Star News anchor. My father was the founder and editor of Siyasat Jadid, a Kanpur-based newspaper. I also have a Diploma in 16mm Film production from New York Film Academy. My door to politics was the anti corruption movement which later led to the formation of Aam Aadmi Party. I had my share of controversy when I was seen in a raw video footage accepting money for favours. Who am I?;;Shazia Ilmi;;Rakhi Birla;;Barkha Dutt;;Nidhi Razdaan;;1;;3
I was born on 27 February 1943. I was imprisoned during the Emergency in India and lodged in the Bellary and Shimoga jails. I hold the distinction of being the first person from the BJP to become the Chief Minister of a South Indian state. Owing to alleged ill-treatment meted out to me by the BJP High Command, I left Bharatiya Janata Party to form a new political party which later merged with the BJP. I was arrested in 2011, in two cases of corruption for illegally denotifying land in and around Bangalore. Who am I?;;B. S. Yeddyurappa;;Jagadish Shettar;;Sadananda Gowda;;H. D. Kumaraswamy;;1;;2
The Union Ministers are collectively responsible to?;;Lok Sabha Only;;President;;Prime Minister;;Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha;;3;;2
The Election Commissioner can be removed by?;;The Parliament;;Prime Minister;;President;;Vice President;;3;;2
When there is President Rules in a state the Budget of the State is passed by?;;Lok Sabha;;President;;Rajya Sabha;;The Parliament;;3;;2
The Election Commission is constituted;;it is a permanent body;;every year;;every five years;;for every general election;;3;;2
The Constitution of India was adopted on;;26th Nov,1949;;26th Jan,1950;;15th Aug,1947;;1st Jan,1952;;3;;2
The Rajya Sabha is chaired by;;The Vice President;;Prime Minister;;Home Minister;;The President;;3;;2
Which of the following is not a basic feature of the Indian Constitution?;;Presidential Government;;Federal Government;;Parliamentary Government;;Independence of Judiciary;;3;;2
The Lok Sabha is also known as;;The House of the People;;Council of states;;Council of states;;Parliament;;3;;2
Who presided over the inaugural meeting of the Constituent Assembly of India?;;Sachidananda Sinha;;P.Upendra;;Dr.Rajendra Prasad;;B.R.Ambedkar;;3;;2
Who is authorised to decide over a dispute regarding disqualification of a member of parliament?;;President;;Speaker of lok sabah;;Election Commisioner;;A committee set up by the parliament;;3;;2
The Constitution of India provides a;;Cabinet System of Government;;Presidential form Govt;;Parliamentry System;;Bicameral System of government;;3;;2
Mr.P.V.Narashima Rao is the_____Prime Minister of India;;Ninth;;Seventh;;Sixth;;Fifth;;3;;2
The idea of the constitution of india was first of all given by;;MN Roy;;Mahatama Gandhi;;Dr BR Ambedkar;;Jawaharlal Nehru;;3;;2
The constitution of India was adopted by the;;Constituent Assembly;;Governor General;;British Parliament;;Parliament o India;;3;;2
The recommendations of States Reorganisation Committee were iomplemented in the year;;1956;;1954;;1955;;1948;;3;;3
The salary of the President of India is paid from;;consolidated fund;;special fund;;emergency fund;;contingency fund;;3;;3
The Emergency may be in force continously for;;one years;;three months;;five year;;six years;;3;;3
The Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee is;;Leader of the opposition party;;President;;Speaker;;Prime Minister;;3;;3
Who among the following was never the lok sabha speaker?;;KVK Sundaram;;GS Dhillon;;Hukum Singh;;Baliram Bahgat;;3;;3
What is the maximum age prescribed for election as President of India?;;no such that limit;;58 years;;60 years;;62 years;;3;;3
Which schedule of the constitution of india contains special provisions for the administration and control of schedule areas in several states?;;Fifth;;Sixth;;Seventh;;Eighth;;3;;3
The design of the national flag was adopted by the constituent assembly of india in;;july, 1947;;july, 1948;;july, 1950;;august, 1947;;3;;3
The inspiration of Liberty, Equality and Fraternity was derived from;;French revolution;;American revolution;;Russian revolution;;Italian revolution;;3;;3
India opted for a federal form of government because of;;linguistic and regional diversity;;vast territory;;cultural integration;;administrative conveniece;;3;;3
Which of the following states has the largest percentage of reserved parliamentary seats;;Uttar Pradesh;;Bihar;;Madhya Pradesh;;Rajasthan;;3;;3
The government of India has launched a new scheme for the Girl Child. What is the name of the scheme?;;Dhan Lakshmi;;Raj Lakshmi;;Rani Bitia;;Aanandita;;3;;3
Protection of the interests of the minorities is envisaged in which of the following articles?;;29;;14;;19;;32;;3;;3
Under which article of the constitution is the president’s rule promulgated on any state in India?;;356;;352;;360;;370;;3;;3
CBI arrested Vijay Singla, nephew of the then railway minister,from Chandigarh for allegedly accepting bribe of Rs 90 lakh in exchange of getting a higher ranking position on the railway board. Who was the railway minister? ;; Pawan Kumar Bansal;;Mukul Roy;;Laloo Yadav;;Siddhartha Banerjee;;2;;1
One of the most talked about scams, a scam which lost the Congress party the elections! Even today, more than a decade later, it still haunts the Congress Party. It opened a whole new chapter in Indian Politics on the 'Kickbacks'. What is scam better known as? ;;Bofors Scam;;IDBI Scam;;Rajiv Scam;;Kuliot Scam;;2;;1
This was the state of Bihar's contribution to Scams. Funds which were to the Animal Husbandry departments were re-routed to the pockets of a few 'distinguished' gentlemen. At the time, the approximate value of the scam was pinned at around Rs 1000 Crore. What is the name given to this scam? ;;Fodder Scam;;Petrol Pump Scam;;Laloo Scam;;Birla Hut Scam;;2;;1
'Out of Turn allotments' was always a part of the Indian corruption game. The rich could always jump the queue through a few strings and a fistful of money! Two of the damning cases were exposed in 1996. Two senior Congress ministers were implicated in separate scandals - while the extent of the damage can never be exactly ascertained, it is estimated that the accused (in these two cases) gained over Rs 100 Crores! 'Out of Turn' allotments were given for which two sectors? ;;Housing & Petrol Pumps;;Housing & Telecommunications;;Housing & Dam Construction;;Housing & Internet;;2;;1
A bofors scam accused from Italy was held in Argentina in 2007. The Indian investigating agency CBI came under attack for putting up a half-hearted effort towards his extradition and India lost the case for his extradition in June 2007, the judge remarking that "India did not even present proper legal documents". Consequently, India was asked to pay his legal expenses. Who was he ? ;;Ottavio Quattrochhi;;Don Corleone;;Massimo Quattrochhi;;Mario Balotelli;;2;;1
The international hall of shame:  Less than 10 days before athletes were to move into the village built especially for them near the banks of the Yamuna in Delhi, foreign crews were invited to tour the apartments that would house delegates.  It was an unforgettable open house.  There were dog paw marks on bedsheets.  Human waste was lying on bathroom floors, left behind by construction workers.  International headlines reported on every humiliating detail. What are we talking about here ?;;Commonwealth Games 2010;;National Games 2011;;Commonwealth Games 2006;;Commonwealth Games 2002;;2;;1
In 2011, Time magazine listed this scam at number two on their "Top 10 Abuses of Power" list (just behind the Watergate scandal). What scam are we talking here ?;;2g Spectrum case;;Commonwealth scam;;Coalgate;;Out of turn allocation;;2;;1
After the Supreme Court judgement in the 2g Spectrum case on 21 February 2012 Telenor, majority stakeholder in Uninor, terminated its agreement with which Indian partner and sued it seeking "indemnity and compensation"?;;Unitech;;United Telecom;;G_Tel;;Etisalat;;2;;1
The origins of this scam go back to February 2002 when a request was made to the Chief Minister of Maharashtra to allot land in the heart of Mumbai for the construction of a housing complex for "the welfare of serving and retired personnel of the Defence Services". Over a period of ten years, top politicians, bureaucrats and military officers proceeded to bend several rules in order to have the building constructed and then get themselves allotted flats in this premier property at artificially lowered prices.Name the Scam;;Aadarsh Housing Society Scam;;Niradarsh Housing Society;;Aakash Housing Society;;Armaan Housing Society;;2;;1
The Aadarsh Society of the nefarious Aadarsh Housing Scam is located in which part of Mumbai?;;Colaba;;Andheri;;Borivilli;;Ville Parle;;2;;1
A scandal in which the United Progressive Alliance, the majority-holding parliamentary-party alliance of India led by Sonia Gandhi, allegedly bribed Bhartiya Janta Party MPs in order to survive a confidence vote on 22 July 2008. This scam is better known as?;;Cash for Vote Scam;;Bribe the MPs Scam;;Pay for Vote Scam;;Money for Honey Scam;;2;;1
Suresh Kalmadi was restrained on 25 July 2012 by the Delhi High court from participating in the opening ceremony of which event, saying his participation can cause "embarrassment" to the nation ?;;London Olympics;;World Wrestling Championship;;World Archery Championship;;Commonwealth Games;;2;;1
2013 chopper scam, better known as Choppergate involved which of the following Italian company? ;;AugustaWestland;;Bofors;;Mayoklit;;Zingerburp;;2;;1
Who pointed out in a draft report in March 2012 that the government of India had allocated coal blocks in an arbitrary manner during the period 2004-2009 causing a loss of Rs. 1.86 lakh crore ?;; Office of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India;;Supreme Court of India;;Arvind Kejriwal;;Sushma Swaraj;;2;;1
Another scam, this time capitalizing on the shortage of a fertilizer in the market. About 133 Crore Rupees were paid for the import of this fertilizer to a Turkish company. Of course, the fertilizer was never delivered (the Turkish company never had the capability to produce the amount required). The Indian tax payer once again loses out in this scam-game. The scam got its name from the fertilizer required. What was the name of the scam (and the fertilizer)? ;;Urea;;Nitrogen Sulphide;;Ammonia;;Hydrochloric Acid;;2;;1
Which Bharatiya Janta Party President had to resign from office after he was caught accepting bribe in a sting operation carried by Tehelka.com ?;;Bangaru Laxman;;Venkaiah Naidu;;Rajnath Singh;;L.K.Advani;;2;;2
Apart from the Commonwealth Games of 2010, Suresh Kalmadi is alleged to have made millions through corrupt practices in which of these events ?;;Formula 1 2011;;National Games  2011;;London Olympics 2012;;Commonwealth Games 2006;;2;;2
A. Raja the prime accussed in the 2g Spectrum scandal belongs to which political party ?;;DMK;;AIADMK;;Indian National Congress;;Bharatiya Janta Party;;2;;2
Nira Radia, the corporate lobbyist lobbying for appointment of A. Raja as the Telecom Minister was in touch with which 2 Indian journalists who are alleged to have known about the corrupt practices in advance and kept quiet on the issue ?;;Barkha Dutt & Vir Sanghavi;;Barkha Dutt & Rajdeep Sardesai;;Barkha Dutt & Rahul Kanwal;;Vir Sanghavi & Sonia Shenoy;;2;;2
CBI decided to include the name of which leader in a separate column of the charge sheet to be filed by it soon against three cellular companies and former officials in connection with alleged irregularities in spectrum allocation during NDA regime causing a loss of Rs 5.08 billion to the exchequer?;;Pramod Mahajan;;Jaswant Singh;;Murli Manohar Joshi;;L.K.Advani;;2;;2
One of the most damaging stories involved the rampant corruption in the Indian Army (with respect to the 'kickback' legacy') exposed by Tehelka.com. This top story nearly felled the Vajpayee government. Who was the defense minister of India at the time when this news broke out? ;;George Fernandes;;Jaswant Singh;;L.K.Advani;;Yashwant Sinha;;2;;2
Bofors Scandal implicated the then Indian Prime Minister Mr. Rajiv Gandhi and some government officials from India and which other country ?;;Sweden;;Italy;;France;;Germany;;2;;2
In 2012 according to a BBC News report which Indian state has transformed in recent years to become the least corrupt state in India?;;Bihar;;Gujarat;;West Bengal;;TamilNadu;;2;;2
When CBI conducted extensive searches on Mayawati's various addresses, they found that her bank balance in a single bank went up to 25 million and total assets held by her were estimated at Rs. 150 million.How much income had she claimed during her tenure as CM of Uttar Pradesh?;;Rs.11 million;;Rs.5 million;;Rs.150 million;;Rs.200 million;;2;;2
A 2009 survey of the leading economies of Asia, found Indian bureaucracy to be?;;the least efficient in Asia;;one better than Hong Kong;;one better than Thailand;;one better than Vietnam;;2;;2
He is commonly known as Raja Bhaiya. The Mayawati government had declared him a terrorist, and he was sent to jail under Prevention of Terrorism Act(POTA).Within 25 minutes of the Mulayam Singh Yadav's government coming to power in 2003, all POTA charges against him were dropped. What is his actual name?;;Raghuraj Pratap Singh;;Raghudeep Singh;;Rajnesh Pratap Singh;;Raja Singh;;2;;2
His is the standard to which other criminal-politicians are compared. He was four times Member of Parliament from Siwan, Bihar, with the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) party of Lalu Prasad Yadav, and 2-time MLA in the Bihar Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly), he is currently serving a life sentence for kidnapping with intent to murder.He is?;;Mohammad Shahabuddin;;Mohammad Arkauddin;;Imtiyaz Ansari;;Pappu Yadav;;2;;2
The CBI director, Ranjit Sinha, submitted an affidavit stating that the draft investigative report on the Indian coal allocation scam was vetted by the then Law Minister before it was submitted to the court.Who was the Law Minister?;;Ashwani Kumar;;Apoorva Kumar;;Manish Kumar;;Mukul Ranjan;;2;;2
He has been exempted from frisking at airports when travelling with other SPG protectees. The list of such VIPs was compiled and forwarded to the authorities concerned by the Government of India on 26 September 2005. Others on the list include the President, the Prime Minister, former Presidents and PMs and SPG protectees. Who is he?;;Robert Vadra;;P. Chidambaram;;Kapil Sibal;;Salman Khurshid;;2;;2
The 3600 crore chopper scam came to light on Feb 12, 2013 when Giuseppe Orsi was arrested by Italian authorities for bribes allegedly paid to secure the sale of 12 helicopters to India. Giuseppe Orsi was the CEO of ? ;;Finmeccanica;;AugustaWestland;;Cazzomorini;;Cecilia Ltd.;;2;;2
Coalgate got murkier when 43 files containing crucial information on how coal fields were allocated to private firms went missing. After severe hammering by the opposition how many of those files could be traced back ?;; 37;;23;;10;;20;;2;;3
Another con game played by a minister in P.V. Narasimha Rao's cabinet, to be precise - the Union Communications minister! All purchases for the Telecom department were routed through the Ministers office and from him, to a few selected beneficiaries! When the raids were finally conducted on him, he had assets worth 631 % more than his known source of income! What was the name of this gentleman? ;;Sukh Ram;;Veer Savarkar;;Rash Behari;;Roger Ram;;2;;3
Whistleblowing is not a recent phenomenon. Back in the 90s which former chief of Swedish police leaked the documents related to the Bofors scam to an Indian Journalist ?;;Sten Lindstrom;;Mark Fuberg;;Andrew Pogrom;;Stan Mitchell;;2;;3
M.K.Kanimozhi, daughter of 5 time Chief Minister of TamilNadu, also a prime accused in the 2g Spectrum case had circuitously routed Rs. 2 billion into a company in which she held 20% of the stakes. What is the name of the company?;;Kalaignar TV;;Sun TV;;Surya TV;;Asianet;;2;;3
In 2012 the Supreme court of India cancelled all licenses allotted by A Raja and imposed Rs 50 million fine on Unitech, Swan and Tata Teleservices. It also imposed a fine of Rs 5 million on Loop Telecom Pvt Ltd, S-Tel, Allianz Infratech and Sistema Shyam Tele Services Ltd. How many licenses were cancelled in all?;;122;;112;;12;;30;;2;;3
In 2012 according to Transparency International's  Corruption Perceptions Index what was India's rank out of 176 countries?;;94;;100;;174;;121;;2;;3
WikiLeaks claimed that a Congress Party political aide, had boasted to US Embassy officials in July 2008 that his party had funds to bribe MPs in order to obtain a favourable outcome.Who was he?;;Nachiketa Kapoor;;Sriram Vasav;;Vikash Kumar;;Deepak Tandon;;2;;3
In this Scam  food grain worth INR350 billion, meant to be distributed amongst the poor, through Public Distribution System (PDS) and other welfare schemes like Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY), Jawahar Rozgar Yojana and Midday Meal Scheme for Below Poverty Line (BPL) card holders, was diverted to the open market.What is this scam better known as?;;Uttar Pradesh Food-Grain Scam;;Bihar Food-Grain Scam;;Maharashtra Food-Grain Scam;;Haryana Food-Grain Scam;;2;;3
A mining scam surfaced in Jharkhand where Madhu Koda took huge bribes for illegally allotting iron ore and coal mining contracts when he was the chief minister of the state.As per estimates Koda and his associates collected over?;;Rs 4000 crore;;Rs 10 crore;;Rs 8000 crore;;Rs 10000 crore;;2;;3
On 16 January 2013 he was convicted by a Delhi court for illegal recruitment of over 3000 teachers.The New Delhi court had sentenced him and his elder son for ten years imprisonment under various provisions of the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act on 22 January 2013. He is?;;Om Prakash Chautala;;Ajay Singh Chautala;;Bhupinder Singh Hooda;;Randeep Hooda;;2;;3
A maximum of how many members can be elected or nominated to the Indian Parliament?;;802;;745;;552;;600;;3;;1
A maximum of how many members can be elected to the Lok Sabha ? ;;552;;245;;272;;545;;3;;1
Who elects a majority of the members of the Rajya Sabha ? ;;Members of State Legislative Assemblies;;Citizens of India directly;;President of India;;Prime Minister of India;;3;;1
Who was the speaker of Lok Sabha from June 2009 to present ? ;;Meira Kumar;;Mohammad Hamid Ansari;;Inder Singh Namdhari;;Kariya Munda;;3;;1
What is the minimum age to contest an election for Lok Sabha ? ;;25;;18;;20;;30;;3;;1
What is the minimum age to required to be eligible for Rajya Sabha nomination ? ;;30;;25;;18;;20;;3;;1
What is term of a member of Rajya Sabha ?;;6 years;;5 years;;4.5 years;;6.5 years;;3;;1
When was the Parliament attacked by Lashkar-e-taiba & Jaish-e-Mohammed terrorists ? ;;13 dec 2001;;16 dec 2001;;26 nov 2001;;24 dec 2001;;3;;1
A support of at least how many members of Lok Sabha is needed to form a government at the centre ?;;272;;250;;352;;552;;3;;1
When were Electronic voting machines first used in Indian General Elections ?;;1999;;2004;;2009;;1996;;3;;1
Uttar Pradesh has the most number of constituencies in the Lok Sabha. The number is ? ;;80;;40;;73;;42;;3;;1
Who is the declared prime ministerial candidate from Bhartiya Janta Party ? ;;Narendra Modi;;Manohar Parrikar;;L K Advani;;Rajnath Singh;;3;;1
Who formed the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena? ;;Raj Thackeray;;Uddhava Thackeray;;Bal Thackrey;;Gopinath Munde;;3;;1
Aam Aadmi Party formed a government in Delhi in Dec 2013. How many seats did it win in the Delhi Assembly ? ;;28;;36;;30;;41;;3;;1
Who founded the Bharatiya Janta Party ? ;; Syama Prasad Mukherjee;;L K Advani;; A B Vajpayee;;Deen Dayal Upadhyaya;;3;;1
When was Aam Aadmi Party founded ? ;;26 Nov 2012;;26 Nov 2011;;15 Aug 2012;;26 Jan 2012;;3;;1
Who is the current Vice-President of India ? ;;Mohammad Hamid Ansari;;Zakir Hussain;;Meira Kumar;;Pratibha Patil;;3;;1
Which of these former centre ministers had to resign because of 2G spectrum scam ? ;;A Raja;;Pawan Bansal;; Ashwini Kumar;;Salman Khurshid;;3;;1
Who was the last Governor General of India ? ;;C Rajagopalachari;;Lord Mountbatten;;B R Ambedkar;;Lord Cornwallis;;3;;1
We celebrate Republic Day to commemorate the day of enforcement of the Constitution of India. The year was ? ;;1950;;1947;;1948;;1949;;3;;1
Which one of these was one of the founding members of Indian National Congress ? ;;A.O.Hume;;Lord McCauly;;Peter Gomes;;Sir Syed Ahmed Khan;;3;;2
How many members can be elected by the President of India to the Rajya Sabha ? ;;12;;10;;13;;15;;3;;2
The constitution empowers the President to summon each house at a maximum interval of ? ;;6 months;;4 months;; 3 months;;5 months;;3;;2
The dominance of Indian National Congress was broken for the first time by the defeat of Indira Gandhi after an emergency of 2 years. The year was ? ;;1977;;1973;;1981;;1988;;3;;2
India will be going for its 16th Lok Sabha polls in 2014. When was the first Lok Sabha election held ? ;;1952;;1947;;1950;;1954;;3;;2
Who is the present Chief Election Commissioner of India ? ;;V.S.Sampath;;Navin Chawla;;N.Gopalaswami;;B.B.Tandon;;3;;2
What is the number of members elected to Rajya Sabha from the state of Nagaland ? ;;1;;2;;3;;4;;3;;3
Who designed the Parliament of India ? ;;Edwin Lutyens & Herbert Baker;;Lord Irwin & Simon Thatcher;;Roger Adams & Andrew Vaughan;;Sainath Mulkar & Mahavir Apte;;3;;3
The 2009 general elections involved an electorate that was greater than EU & US combined. The electoral strength was ? ;;714 million;;600 million;;820 million;;1.2 billion;;3;;3
The foundation stone was of the Parliament of India was laid Feb 12, 1921. Who formally inaugurated the building on Jan 18, 1927 ? ;;Lord Irwin;;Lord Cornwallis;;Lord Mountbatten;;Mahatma Gandhi;;3;;3
Post Independence, who was the first speaker of the newly elected Lok Sabha from May 15, 1952 to Feb 27, 1956 ?;;G.V.Mavlankar;;C Rajagopalachari;;Sachhidanand Sinha;;Vithalbhai Patel;;3;;3
Who was the first Chief Election Commissioner of India ?;;Sukumar Sen;;Kalyan Samudram;;S.P.Sen Verma;;T.N.Sheshan;;3;;3